docs/SETTINGS_INFO.md, before:

# ZotMoov Settings

## General Options

### Directory to Move Files To

The base directory where ZotMoov will move/copy files

### File Behavior

By default ZotMoov will move and link your files. You can change the dropdown menu option to ```copy``` for ZotMoov to make an external back-up of your added files in the specified directory. Note that files that are copied via ```copy``` will not be tracked by Zotero anymore. Most users will want this set to ```move```.

### Automatically Move/Copy Files When Added

When this is enabled, ZotMoov will automatically move/copy files whenever they are imported into Zotero. The types of files can be restricted by the **Allowed File Extensions** option.

### Automatically Move/Copy Files to Subdirectory

When this is enabled, ZotMoov will automatically move files into a custom subdirectory whenever
- a file is moved/copied via **Automatically Move/Copy Files When Added**
- the Move/Copy Selected to Directory menu option is used

By default the subdirectory string is `{%c}` which is by item collection. [Click here for the formatting options](WILDCARD_INFO.md)

### Automatically Delete External Linked Files in the ZotMoov Directory

When this is enabled, ZotMoov will automatically delete linked files in the ZotMoov directory. Meaning that when you permanently delete a linked file in Zotero, and that linked file points to a file in the ZotMoov directory, the file on your hard drive will be deleted. It will also delete any empty directories within the ZotMoov directory.

### Allowed File Extensions

By adding/removing entries to this table via the [+] and [-] buttons, you can choose which types of files ZotMoov will move/copy. If the table is empty, then all files will be moved regardless of their file extension.

## Advanced Options

### Search Folder for Attaching New Files

When checked this will enable the Attach New File menu item.

<img src="res/Image3.png" width="300"/>

When this button is clicked, the last modified file in the Search Folder with an allowed file extension will be attached to the selected item.

You can also check **Confirm When Adding File** for a confirmation dialog to pop up when you attach a file.

### [Custom Wildcards](CUSTOM_WILDCARD_INFO.md)

### [Custom Menu Items](CUSTOM_MENUITEM_INFO.md)

### Strip Diacritics From File Names

When Zotero renames a file and ZotMoov intercepts it, ZotMoov will change the file name to remove all of the diacritics. This is useful for ensuring compatibility across various operating systems, for example. 

## Selected Hidden Preferences

[Hidden preferences can be accessed/modified to change some of ZotMoov's behavior](https://www.zotero.org/support/preferences/hidden_preferences)

```extensions.zotmoov.rename_title```: Enable/disable custom title renaming over the Zotero default

```extensions.zotmoov.undefined_str```: The string of the `%U` wildcard

```extensions.zotmoov.add_zotmoov_tag```: Enable/disable whether the ```zotmoov``` tag is added to processed items

```
extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.move.hidden
extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.convert_linked.hidden
extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.custom_move.hidden
```
Hide the default menu items

```extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.fix_note_links.hidden```: Enable/disable the menu item to run an unstable script to fix broken note links

Commit message:

Strip diacritics from paths too

docs/SETTINGS_INFO.md, after:

# ZotMoov Settings

## General Options

### Directory to Move Files To

The base directory where ZotMoov will move/copy files

### File Behavior

By default ZotMoov will move and link your files. You can change the dropdown menu option to ```copy``` for ZotMoov to make an external back-up of your added files in the specified directory. Note that files that are copied via ```copy``` will not be tracked by Zotero anymore. Most users will want this set to ```move```.

### Automatically Move/Copy Files When Added

When this is enabled, ZotMoov will automatically move/copy files whenever they are imported into Zotero. The types of files can be restricted by the **Allowed File Extensions** option.

### Automatically Move/Copy Files to Subdirectory

When this is enabled, ZotMoov will automatically move files into a custom subdirectory whenever
- a file is moved/copied via **Automatically Move/Copy Files When Added**
- the Move/Copy Selected to Directory menu option is used

By default the subdirectory string is `{%c}` which is by item collection. [Click here for the formatting options](WILDCARD_INFO.md)

### Automatically Delete External Linked Files in the ZotMoov Directory

When this is enabled, ZotMoov will automatically delete linked files in the ZotMoov directory. Meaning that when you permanently delete a linked file in Zotero, and that linked file points to a file in the ZotMoov directory, the file on your hard drive will be deleted. It will also delete any empty directories within the ZotMoov directory.

### Allowed File Extensions

By adding/removing entries to this table via the [+] and [-] buttons, you can choose which types of files ZotMoov will move/copy. If the table is empty, then all files will be moved regardless of their file extension.

## Advanced Options

### Search Folder for Attaching New Files

When checked this will enable the Attach New File menu item.

<img src="res/Image3.png" width="300"/>

When this button is clicked, the last modified file in the Search Folder with an allowed file extension will be attached to the selected item.

You can also check **Confirm When Adding File** for a confirmation dialog to pop up when you attach a file.

### [Custom Wildcards](CUSTOM_WILDCARD_INFO.md)

### [Custom Menu Items](CUSTOM_MENUITEM_INFO.md)

### Strip Diacritics From File Names/Paths

When Zotero renames a file and ZotMoov intercepts it, ZotMoov will change the file name/path to remove all of the diacritics. This is useful for ensuring compatibility across various operating systems, for example. Note that only file names/paths within the base directory will be altered.

## Selected Hidden Preferences

[Hidden preferences can be accessed/modified to change some of ZotMoov's behavior](https://www.zotero.org/support/preferences/hidden_preferences)

```extensions.zotmoov.rename_title```: Enable/disable custom title renaming over the Zotero default

```extensions.zotmoov.undefined_str```: The string of the `%U` wildcard

```extensions.zotmoov.add_zotmoov_tag```: Enable/disable whether the ```zotmoov``` tag is added to processed items

```
extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.move.hidden
extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.convert_linked.hidden
extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.custom_move.hidden
```
Hide the default menu items

```extensions.zotmoov.menu_items.fix_note_links.hidden```: Enable/disable the menu item to run an unstable script to fix broken note links
